Docs: updates backends text (#836)
pomerium/documentation: content/docs/internals/data-storage.md

Configuration options for each backend are detailed in [databroker configuration reference](/docs/reference/databroker).

Pomerium encrypts record values only for the Redis storage backend (not for the in-memory or Postgres storage backends). When using the Postgres backend we recommend that users configure their own encryption at rest, for example by using full-disk encryption on the volume where Postgres data is stored.

> Please see Pomerium backend and upstream storage system documentation for best practices.

Author: ```suggestion

```

> Pomerium encrypts values for the Redis implementation of the Databroker service; we do not do this for Postgres. Users must configure the Postgres Databroker to encrypt data at rest. Record encryption ensures security of all records at rest, regardless of data store capabilities. While this prevents many classes of attack vector, additional security measures should always be taken to secure data in transit and minimize access to the backends themselves.

Reviewer: What about this?

```suggestion
Pomerium encrypts record values only for the Redis storage backend (not for the in-memory or Postgres storage backends). When using the Postgres backend we recommend that users configure their own encryption at rest, for example by using full-disk encryption on the volume where Postgres data is stored.
```

(feel free to take it or leave it)

> Please see Pomerium backend and upstream storage system documentation for best practices.

Reviewer: Incidentally, do you happen to know what this refers to? Should there be a link here?

(totally optional)
